Title U10 B | Poule 1 | Terrain Hiquet Jaune
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Hiquet+Jaune&filter_pool=Poule+1

Title U10 B | Poule 2 | Terrain Hiquet Jaune
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Hiquet+Jaune&filter_pool=Poule+2

Title U10 B | Poule 3 | Terrain Hiquet Blanc
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Hiquet+Blanc&filter_pool=Poule+3

Title U10 B | Poule 4 | Terrain Hiquet Blanc
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Hiquet+Blanc&filter_pool=Poule+4

Title U10 A | Poule 1 | Terrain Hiquet Rouge
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Hiquet+Rouge&filter_pool=Poule+1

Title U10 A | Poule 2 | Terrain Hiquet Rouge
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Hiquet+Rouge&filter_pool=Poule+2

Title U10 A | Poule 3 | Terrain Hiquet Blanc
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Hiquet+Blanc&filter_pool=Poule+3

Title U10 A | Poule 4 | Terrain Hiquet Blanc
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Hiquet+Blanc&filter_pool=Poule+4

Title U10 C | Poule 1 | Terrain Laudouar Jaune
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Laudouar+Jaune&filter_pool=Poule+1

Title U10 C | Poule 2 | Terrain Laudouar Jaune
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Laudouar+Jaune&filter_pool=Poule+2

Title U12 A | Poule 1 | Terrain Vergnaud Rouge
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Vergnaud+Rouge&filter_pool=Poule+1

Title U12 A | Poule 2 | Terrain Vergnaud Rouge
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Vergnaud+Rouge&filter_pool=Poule+2

Title U12 A | Poule 3 | Terrain Vergnaud Bleu
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Vergnaud+Bleu&filter_pool=Poule+3

Title U12 A | Poule 4 | Terrain Vergnaud Bleu
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Vergnaud+Bleu&filter_pool=Poule+4

Title U12 B | Poule 1 | Terrain Vergnaud Jaune
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Vergnaud+Jaune&filter_pool=Poule+1

Title U12 B | Poule 2 | Terrain Vergnaud Jaune
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Vergnaud+Jaune&filter_pool=Poule+2

Title U12 B | Poule 3 | Terrain Vergnaud Blanc
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Vergnaud+Blanc&filter_pool=Poule+3

Title U12 B | Poule 4 | Terrain Vergnaud Blanc
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Vergnaud+Blanc&filter_pool=Poule+4

Title U12 C | Poule 1 | Terrain Laudouar Rouge
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Laudouar+Rouge&filter_pool=Poule+1

U12 C | Poule 2 | Terrain Laudouar Rouge
tinyurl.com/edr-hdm?filter_field_name=Terrain+Laudouar+Rouge&filter_pool=Poule+2
